docs: documentation added for callbacks middleware (#4370)
cosmos/ibc-go: docs/middleware/callbacks/gas.md

// Since the callbacks middleware itself is an ics4wrapper, it needs to be passed to the transfer keeper
app.TransferKeeper.WithICS4Wrapper(transferStack.(porttypes.Middleware))

// Add transfer stack to IBC Router
ibcRouter.AddRoute(ibctransfertypes.ModuleName, transferStack)
```

### User Defined Gas Limit

The user defined gas limit is set by the IBC Actor during packet creation. The user defined gas limit is set in the packet memo. If the user defined gas limit is not set or if the user defined gas limit is greater than the chain wide gas limit, then the chain wide gas limit is used as the user defined gas limit.

```jsonc
{
  "src_callback": {
    "address": "callbackAddressString",
    // optional
    "gas_limit": "userDefinedGasLimitString",
  },
  "dest_callback": {
    "address": "callbackAddressString",
    // optional
    "gas_limit": "userDefinedGasLimitString",
  }
}
```

## Gas Limit Enforcement

During a callback execution, there are three types of gas limits that are enforced:

- User defined gas limit
- Chain wide gas limit
- Context gas limit (amount of gas that the relayer has left for this execution)

> Chain wide gas limit is only used as a maximum to the user defined gas limit as explained in the [previous section](#user-deifined-gas-limit). Therefore, we can ignore the chain wide gas limit for the rest of this section and work with the minimum of the chain wide gas limit and user defined gas limit. This minimum is called the commit gas limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chain wide gas limit is used as a maximum to the user defined gas limit as explained in the [previous section](#user-deifined-gas-limit). It may also be used as a default value if no user gas limit is provided. Therefore, we can ignore the chain wide gas limit for the rest of this section and work with the minimum of the chain wide gas limit and user defined gas limit. This minimum is called the commit gas limit.
```

Author: done
